Merry Christmas Clara Godfather your
gift this year would be something you'll
never forget most people don't realize
there are troubled realms within our
world
[Music]
[Applause]
and you hold the cheese
to their secrets
remember Clara nothing is as it seems
where am I you're in the four realms
princess Clara princess that's your
service your majesty
maybe I have been spending too much time
the Attic welcome to our world
the land of snowflakes the land of
flowers and the land of sweets but the
fourth realm this is where our troubles
began
mother ginger started this war don't you
know it's dangerous here
I hope you'll be the one to finish it
it's time to save the kingdom physics do
those laws always work Horace Heidt
ready
[Music]
she's gathering her forces you're the
only one who can stop her
I've been expecting you
it's time
[Music]
[Applause]